#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements_dev.in
#
alabaster==0.7.12
    # via sphinx
attrs==20.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   hypothesis
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
babel==2.8.0
    # via sphinx
backports-datetime-fromisoformat==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flattentool
beautifulsoup4==4.9.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-bootstrap4
bleach==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   libcove
    #   libcoveocds
boto3==1.17.54
    # via -r requirements.txt
botocore==1.20.54
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
btrees==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   zodb
cached-property==1.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   libcove
    #   libcoveocds
    #   libcoveweb
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.14.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   persistent
chardet==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==7.1.2
    # via pip-tools
commonmark==0.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   libcove
    #   libcoveocds
contextlib2==0.6.0.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   schema
coverage==4.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements_dev.in
    #   coveralls
    #   hypothesis
    #   pytest-cov
coveralls==2.1.2
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
csscompressor==0.9.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-pipeline-csscompressor
dateparser==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
dealer==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   libcoveweb
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   odfpy
dj-database-url==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django==2.2.24
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-bootstrap3
    #   django-bootstrap4
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-storages
    #   libcove
    #   libcoveocds
    #   libcoveweb
django-bootstrap3==15.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   libcoveweb
django-bootstrap4==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-debug-toolbar==3.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   libcoveweb
django-environ==0.4.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   libcoveweb
django-mathfilters==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-pgviews-redux==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-pipeline==1.6.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-pipeline-csscompressor
django-pipeline-csscompressor==0.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-storages==1.11.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
docopt==0.6.2
    # via coveralls
docutils==0.16
    # via sphinx
elasticsearch==7.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
elasticsearch-dsl==7.3.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
et-xmlfile==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   openpyxl
faker==8.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
flake8==3.8.4
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
flattentool==0.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   libcove
    #   libcoveocds
gitdb==4.0.5
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.11
    # via transifex-client
greenlet==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sqlalchemy
hypothesis==3.52.3
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
idna==2.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
ijson==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flattentool
    #   ocdskit
imagesize==1.2.0
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-bootstrap3
    #   django-bootstrap4
    #   flake8
    #   jsonschema
    #   pluggy
    #   pytest
    #   sqlalchemy
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
itsdangerous==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests-cache
jdcal==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   openpyxl
jinja2==2.11.3
    # via sphinx
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
json-merge-patch==0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   libcove
    #   libcoveocds
    #   libcoveweb
    #   ocdsextensionregistry
jsonpointer==2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ocdskit
jsonref==0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flattentool
    #   libcove
    #   libcoveocds
    #   libcoveweb
    #   ocdsextensionregistry
    #   ocdskit
    #   ocdsmerge
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   libcove
    #   libcoveocds
    #   libcoveweb
    #   ocdskit
lepl==5.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   rfc6266
libcove==0.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   libcoveocds
    #   libcoveweb
libcoveocds==0.7.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
libcoveweb==0.22.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
libsass==0.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_dev.in
lxml==4.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flattentool
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via jinja2
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via flake8
numpy==1.19.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pandas
ocdsextensionregistry==0.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ocdskit
ocdskit==0.2.21
    # via -r requirements.txt
ocdsmerge==0.6.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ocdskit
odfpy==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flattentool
openpyxl==2.6.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flattentool
packaging==20.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bleach
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
pandas==1.1.5
    # via -r requirements.txt
persistent==4.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   btrees
    #   zodb
pip-tools==5.5.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via pytest
psycopg2-binary==2.8.6
    # via -r requirements.txt
py==1.10.0
    # via pytest
pycodestyle==2.6.0
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pyflakes==2.2.0
    # via flake8
pygments==2.8.1
    # via sphinx
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.17.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
pytest==6.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements_dev.in
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==2.10.1
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
pytest-django==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
pytest-localserver==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   botocore
    #   dateparser
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   faker
    #   libcoveweb
    #   pandas
python-slugify==4.0.1
    # via transifex-client
pytz==2021.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   babel
    #   dateparser
    #   django
    #   flattentool
    #   pandas
    #   tzlocal
rangedict==0.1.6
    # via -r requirements.txt
regex==2021.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dateparser
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   coveralls
    #   libcove
    #   libcoveocds
    #   libcoveweb
    #   ocdsextensionregistry
    #   ocdskit
    #   ocdsmerge
    #   requests-cache
    #   sphinx
    #   transifex-client
requests-cache==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ocdsextensionregistry
rfc3987==1.3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   libcove
    #   libcoveweb
    #   ocdskit
rfc6266==0.0.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
s3transfer==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
schema==0.7.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flattentool
selenium==3.141.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
sentry-sdk==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   libcoveweb
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bleach
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   jsonschema
    #   libsass
    #   python-dateutil
    #   transifex-client
    #   url-normalize
    #   zodb
smart-open==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
smmap==3.0.4
    # via gitdb
snowballstemmer==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
soupsieve==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sphinx==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_dev.in
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinx-rtd-theme==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==1.0.3
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.4
    # via sphinx
sqlalchemy==1.4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ocdskit
sqlparse==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
strict-rfc3339==0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   libcove
    #   libcoveweb
    #   ocdskit
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   faker
    #   python-slugify
toml==0.10.2
    # via pytest
transaction==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   zodb
transifex-client==0.14.1
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
tzlocal==2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dateparser
uc-rfc6266-parser==0.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   libcoveweb
url-normalize==1.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests-cache
urllib3==1.26.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   botocore
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
    #   selenium
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   transifex-client
waitress==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bleach
werkzeug==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest-localserver
    #   uc-rfc6266-parser
whitenoise==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
xmltodict==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flattentool
    #   libcoveweb
zc.lockfile==2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   zodb
zc.zlibstorage==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flattentool
zconfig==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   zodb
zipp==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   libcoveweb
zodb==5.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flattentool
    #   zc.zlibstorage
zodbpickle==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   zodb
zope.interface==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   btrees
    #   persistent
    #   transaction
    #   zc.zlibstorage
    #   zodb

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
